CHAOS-5230 GameDay V2 (#6545)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/features/gameday/run-gameday.md

---
title: Run a GameDay (V1)
sidebar_position: 2
description: Guide to creating and executing a GameDay
redirect_from:
   - /docs/chaos-engineering/configure-chaos-experiments/gameday/run-gameday
---

> This section describes how to create and execute a [GameDay](/docs/chaos-engineering/features/gameday/introduction-to-gameday.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to create and execute a [GameDay](/docs/chaos-engineering/features/gameday/introduction-to-gameday.md).
```

## Prerequisites

1. HCE account
2. Access to a cluster

## Plan your GameDay

Address the following questions before proceeding to run a GameDay:

1. Which services should I test?
2. What is the goal of the GameDay?
3. What should I verify or determine by the end of the GameDay?

Once these questions have a viable answer, you can proceed to create a GameDay.

> If you are new to HCE, head to [GameDay V2](/docs/chaos-engineering/features/gameday/gameday-v2.md) and follow the steps to create and run a GameDay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to HCE, head to [GameDay V2](/docs/chaos-engineering/features/gameday/gameday-v2.md) and follow the steps to create and run a GameDay.
```

   ![](./static/run-gameday/4-list-experiments-from-chaoshub.png)

### Add infrastructure

5. Select a chaos infrastructure. Click **Add experiments to the GameDay**.

   ![](./static/run-gameday/6-add-experiments-to-gameday.png)

   :::tip
   You can add up to 20 experiments to every GameDay, and every chaos experiment can be executed on a different chaos infrastructure.
   :::

6. This will lead you to a page that lists the experiments you selected for the current GameDay. You can add or delete experiments from this page.

   ![](./static/run-gameday/7-add-multiple-experiments.png)

7. Select the experiment to see a preview of the experiment's pipeline.

   ![](./static/run-gameday/8-view-exp.png)

8. After adding the experiments to the GameDay, click **Save**.

   ![](./static/run-gameday/9-save-experiment.png)

### Schedule or run the GameDay

9. Now that you have the experiments in the GameDay, you are all set to schedule or run them.

   ![](./static/run-gameday/10-gameday-created.png)

10. Click **Start GameDay**. This creates experiments within your GameDay.

      ![](./static/run-gameday/11-start-gameday.png)

> 11. Clicking GameDay leads you to the page that contains the experiments associated with the GameDay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Clicking **GameDay** opens the page that contains the experiments associated with the GameDay.
```
